Typos-execution section (#10300)
circleci/circleci-docs: docs/guides/modules/execution-managed/pages/linux-vm-support-policy.adoc

[#overview]
== Overview

This document outlines the CircleCI Linux VM (machine) image release, update, and deprecation policy. This policy applies to all CircleCI Linux VM (machine) images built for the machine executor. Note that there is a separate xref:linux-cuda-images-support-policy.adoc[CUDA Image Support Policy].

[#release-policy]
== Release policy

> The CircleCI Linux VM images are all based on Ubuntu; we support both ARM64 and AMD64 architectures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CircleCI Linux VM images are all based on Ubuntu. We support both ARM64 and AMD64 architectures.
```

> Tags we support for this image (tag is what is specified in `.circleci/config.yml` when requesting an image):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tags are configured when specifying the image you want to use in your CircleCI configuration file. Tags we support for this image are as follows:
```

> - `default` version is what you will receive if you do not specify an image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `default`: You will receive this version if you do not specify an image tag.
```

> - `current` version of the image will receive updates approximately every three months.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `current`: Receives updates approximately every three months.
```

> - `edge` tags are reserved for previews of new releases, which will initially point to this tag. The edge tags may include incremental updates to the current quarterly (every 3 months) image release, which may change without notice, and are not recommended to be used for production CI workloads. `current` will be updated with these changes after a period of stability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `edge`: Reserved for previews of new releases, which will initially point to this tag. The edge tags may include incremental updates to the current quarterly (every 3 months) image release, which may change without notice, and are not recommended to be used for production CI workloads. `current` will be updated with these changes after a period of stability.
```
